README.md, before:

## Hey there! <img src="https://i.giphy.com/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z.gif" width="25px">

Hi, I'm Galoget Latorre (a.k.a. galoget) and I'm a Cybersecurity lover from Ecuador. In my free time I code some Hacking Tools and also participate in CTFs as a hobby.
My team is [hackem](https://ctftime.org/team/52403) or when the competitions are individual my nick is **galoget**.

<img align="right" alt="API Giphy Dev" src="https://developers.giphy.com/branch/master/static/api-512d36c09662682717108a38bbb5c57d.gif" width="350" height="230" />

As Cybersecurity is my passion, I am constantly expanding my knowledge in the field through self-study, research and by taking courses or certifications.

I currently work as a Penetration Tester and some of the certifications I hold are:
- Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP)
- Offensive Security Wireless Professional (OSWP)
- EC-Council Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH Practical)
- International Cybersecurity Institute Certified Network Security Specialist (CNSS)

I also work as a Cybersecurity Instructor by giving talks and courses in different events and continuing education centers:
- Centro de Educación Continua de la Escuela Politécnica Nacional (CEC-EPN), Ecuador
- Hackem Academy, Ecuador
- Universidad Santiago de Chile (USACH), Chile


You can follow me on:

[![Twitter: galoget](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/galoget?style=social)](https://twitter.com/galoget)
[![LinkedIn: Galoget Latorre](https://img.shields.io/badge/-galoget-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://linkedin.com/in/galoget/)](https://linkedin.com/in/galoget)
[![GitHub galoget](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/galoget?label=follow&style=social)](https://github.com/galoget)
[![HackTheBox: galoget](https://img.shields.io/badge/-galoget-green?style=flat-square&logo=HackTheBox&logoColor=white&link=https://app.hackthebox.com/users/49640)](https://app.hackthebox.com/users/49640)
[![TryHackMe: galoget](https://img.shields.io/badge/-galoget-red?style=flat-square&logo=TryHackMe&logoColor=white&link=https://tryhackme.com/p/galoget)](https://tryhackme.com/p/galoget)


You can follow Hackem Cybersecurity Research Group on:

[![Facebook: hackem.epn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-hackem-4267B2?style=flat-square&logo=Facebook&logoColor=white&link=https://facebook.com/hackem.epn)](https://facebook.com/hackem.epn)
[![Twitter: hackem](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/hackem?style=social)](https://twitter.com/hackem)
[![Instagram: hackemcorp](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Instagram-BC309A?style=flat&logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/hackemcorp)
[![LinkedIn: Hackem](https://img.shields.io/badge/-hackem-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/company/hackem/)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/hackem)
[![YouTube: hackemcorp](https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/subscribers/UCoUyKgtruCjkEs-rQg3RJNQ?label=Hackem)](https://youtube.com/hackemcorp)
[![Telegram: hackemSecurity](https://img.shields.io/badge/-hackemSecurity-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Telegram&logoColor=white&link=https://t.me/hackemSecurity)](https://t.me/hackemSecurity)
[![GitHub hackem](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/hackem?label=follow&style=social)](https://github.com/hackem)



## GitHub Stats:

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/galoget/galoget">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=galoget&show_icons=true&hide_border=false&theme=tokyonight&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true&langs_count=3" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/galoget/galoget">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=galoget&show_icons=true&hide_border=false&theme=tokyonight&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true" />
</a>
</p>

<!--
**galoget/galoget** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Updated README.md, added Hackem Twitch, Fixed waving hand width

README.md, after:

## Hey there! <img src="https://i.giphy.com/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z.gif" width="25">

Hi, I'm Galoget Latorre (a.k.a. galoget) and I'm a Cybersecurity lover from Ecuador. In my free time I code some Hacking Tools and also participate in CTFs as a hobby.
My team is [hackem](https://ctftime.org/team/52403) or when the competitions are individual my nick is **galoget**.

<img align="right" alt="API Giphy Dev" src="https://developers.giphy.com/branch/master/static/api-512d36c09662682717108a38bbb5c57d.gif" width="350" height="230" />

As Cybersecurity is my passion, I am constantly expanding my knowledge in the field through self-study, research and by taking courses or certifications.

I currently work as a Penetration Tester and some of the certifications I hold are:
- Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP)
- Offensive Security Wireless Professional (OSWP)
- EC-Council Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH Practical)
- International Cybersecurity Institute Certified Network Security Specialist (CNSS)

I also work as a Cybersecurity Instructor by giving talks and courses in different events and continuing education centers around the world:
- Centro de Educación Continua de la Escuela Politécnica Nacional (CEC-EPN), Ecuador
- Hackem Academy, Ecuador
- Universidad Santiago de Chile (USACH), Chile


You can contact me on:

[![Twitter: galoget](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/galoget?style=social)](https://twitter.com/galoget)
[![LinkedIn: Galoget Latorre](https://img.shields.io/badge/-galoget-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://linkedin.com/in/galoget/)](https://linkedin.com/in/galoget)
[![GitHub galoget](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/galoget?label=follow&style=social)](https://github.com/galoget)
[![HackTheBox: galoget](https://img.shields.io/badge/-galoget-green?style=flat-square&logo=HackTheBox&logoColor=white&link=https://app.hackthebox.com/users/49640)](https://app.hackthebox.com/users/49640)
[![TryHackMe: galoget](https://img.shields.io/badge/-galoget-red?style=flat-square&logo=TryHackMe&logoColor=white&link=https://tryhackme.com/p/galoget)](https://tryhackme.com/p/galoget)


You can follow **Hackem Cybersecurity Research Group** on:

[![Facebook: hackem.epn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-hackem-4267B2?style=flat-square&logo=Facebook&logoColor=white&link=https://facebook.com/hackem.epn)](https://facebook.com/hackem.epn)
[![Twitter: hackem](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/hackem?style=social)](https://twitter.com/hackem)
[![Instagram: hackemcorp](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Instagram-BC309A?style=flat&logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/hackemcorp)
[![LinkedIn: Hackem](https://img.shields.io/badge/-hackem-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/company/hackem/)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/hackem)
[![YouTube: hackemcorp](https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/subscribers/UCoUyKgtruCjkEs-rQg3RJNQ?label=Hackem)](https://youtube.com/hackemcorp)
[![Telegram: hackemSecurity](https://img.shields.io/badge/-hackemSecurity-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Telegram&logoColor=white&link=https://t.me/hackemSecurity)](https://t.me/hackemSecurity)
[![GitHub: hackem](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/hackem?label=follow&style=social)](https://github.com/hackem)
[![Twitch: hackemcorp](https://img.shields.io/twitch/status/hackemcorp?style=social)](https://twitch.com/hackemcorp)


## GitHub Stats:

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/galoget/galoget">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=galoget&show_icons=true&hide_border=false&theme=tokyonight&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true&langs_count=3" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/galoget/galoget">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=galoget&show_icons=true&hide_border=false&theme=tokyonight&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true" />
</a>
</p>

<!--
**galoget/galoget** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
